Q: What is a namespace?
It allows you to name something so it doesn't come in conflict with another class or function

Q: What are value types?
Its a variable that has a value of that type.

Q: What are reference types?

A variable that contains a reference to that type.

Q: What is an automatic property and how is it useful?

They make it more convenient when no more logic is needed in the property accessors

Q: What is the purpose of using statement?

It simplifies the code to create and clean of the object being used

Q: What are dynamic type variables?

a variable type that takes place at runtime.

Q: What is the purpose of the is operator?

it checks if the run-time type is compatible with the given

Q: What are generics and how is using them useful?

they are a class that let you define classes with the placeholder

Q: What is the scope of a public member of a class?

global

Q: Can you create a function that can accept a varying number of arguments?

yes

Q: How do you sort an array?

using the .sort() method sorts it in ascending order

Q: What is a nullable type and what purpose does it serve?

a type that allows you to assign NULL to them

Q: What is an enumeration?

a value data type of a set of named constants

Q: What is inheritance?

Where a sub-class inherits the contents of the parent class

Q: Is multiple inheritance supported?

yes

Q: What is the purpose of as operator

its a converter of compatible types

Q: What is an object?

an instance of a class

Q: What is the difference between a struct and a class?

a class can create subclasses and inherit

Q: What is the difference between continue and break statements?

continue will move forward with the code and break will break out of the loops its in

Q: What is this and how is it used?

its a keyword and its a modifier of the first parameter

Q: What is try and catch and when are they used?

they are functions used to catch exceptions

Q: How is exception handling done?

using try and catch

Q: What is finally and what is its purpose?

at the end of a bit of code, its the final part to be executed after the exceptions

Q: List the differences between Array and ArrayList.

Array - holds values of one type while the other does multiple
ArrayList - doesn't need its size declared, it grows as its added
An array cant use generics

Q: What is an object?

an instance of a class

Q: Define constructor.

its a method of a class that lets us build the class

Q: When can var be used to declare a variable and how is the type for the variable determined?

the var keyword declares the variable as an implicit type at compile time

Q: What is an abstract class?

classes that are not fully implemented so that subclasses override its methods

Q: What is an interface?

An interface only shows the declaration of everything, not the implementation

Q: What is a method?

declared in a class or a struct and has statements for either anyone to call or just that class

Q: What is a property?

a way for classes to get and set values publicly or privately

Q: What is an access specifier?

a specifier that determines how much access these methods are given in a class or struct

Q: What access specifiers are supported and what do they mean?

public - can get access anywhere

private -  cant go outside the class

protected - limited in the class and subclasses

internal - access within the program declared

protected internal - same as both protected and internal


Q: What is a collection?

a class made for storage and retrieval

Q: What is a Hash Table?

a collection table used when using key and value pairs
